pveperf: add page (#7212)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/pveperf.md

# pveperf

> > Proxmox benchmark.

Reviewer: Could you please elaborate on this a bit more? As someone who doesn't know Proxmox I have no idea what this command does.

Author: ```suggestion
> A benchmarking tool in proxmox server. Gather CPU/hard disk performance data on the hard disk mounted at PATH (/ is used as default).
```

> > A benchmarking tool in proxmox server. Gather CPU/hard disk performance data on the hard disk mounted at PATH (/ is used as default).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> A benchmarking tool in Proxmox Server. Gather CPU and hard disk performance data on the hard disk mounted at PATH (`/` is used as default).
```

Reviewer: I don't think we need that much detail in the general description.
```suggestion
> A benchmarking tool in Proxmox Server. Gather CPU and hard disk performance data for the hard disk.
```

> More information: <https://pve.proxmox.com/pve-docs/pveperf.1.html>.

> - Show CPU/hard disk performance data for the hard disk mounted at `/`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Show CPU and hard disk performance data for the hard disk mounted at `/`:
```

> - Show CPU/hard disk performance data on the hard disk mounted at `/`:

Reviewer 2: Should this be a `for`? :thinking: 
```suggestion
- Show CPU/hard disk performance data for the hard disk mounted at `/`:
```
